fix: new LPs committing liquidity / existing LPs increasing (#1869)
vegaprotocol/specs: protocol/0044-LIME-lp_mechanics.md

If the participant has sufficient collateral to cover their commitment, the commitment amount (stake) is transferred from the participant's general account to their (maybe newly created) [liquidity provision bond account](./0013-ACCT-accounts.md#liquidity-provider-bond-accounts) (new account type, 1 per liquidity provider per market and asset where they are committing liquidity, created as needed).
For clarity, liquidity providers will have a separate [margin account](./0013-ACCT-accounts.md#trader-margin-accounts) and [bond account](./0013-ACCT-accounts.md#liquidity-provider-bond-accounts).

A new or increased commitment will get activated in two stages.(*) First the commitment amount (increase) will get transferred from general to bond account.

> Their obligation for providing liquidity under SLA is the one from the beginning of current epoch (so in particular for a new LP it's `0`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Their obligation for providing liquidity under SLA is determined by their commitment from the beginning of the current epoch (so, in particular, for a new LP, it's 0).
```

> At the beginning of the next epoch (after the rewards / penalties for present LPs have been evaluated) the commitment amount is noted and the LP is expected to provide sufficient liquidity for the epoch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Second, at the beginning of the next epoch (after the rewards/penalties for present LPs have been evaluated), the commitment amount is noted, and the LP is expected to provide sufficient liquidity for the epoch.
```

> (*) The expectation is the end of the opening auction of the market. The LPs that submit commitment during the opening auction become the market LPs as soon as the opening auction ends.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(*) The exception is the end of the opening auction of the market. The LPs that submit a commitment during the opening auction become the market LPs as soon as the opening auction ends.
```
